feat(js): Add SvelteKit SDK Docs (#6808)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/what-instrumentation-provides/javascript.sveltekit.mdx

> The `BrowserTracing` integration creates a new transaction for each pageload and navigation event, and creates a child span for every `XMLHttpRequest` or `fetch` request that occurs while those transactions are open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BrowserTracing` integration creates a new transaction for each page load and navigation event, and creates a child span for every `XMLHttpRequest` or `fetch` request that occurs while those transactions are open.
```

> Additionally, the SDK will automatically create transactions and spans for your universal and server-only [`load` functions](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/load), as well as for all requests passing through the [`handle` server hook](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/hooks#server-hooks-handle) of your application, such as page load or [`+server` route](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#server) requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the SDK automatically creates transactions and spans for your universal and server-only [`load` functions](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/load), as well as for all requests passing through the [`handle` server hook](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/hooks#server-hooks-handle) of your application, such as page load or [`+server` route](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#server) requests.
```
